2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md

---
title: "unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance resource type"

> description: "Represents a schedule instance for an eligible role assignment operations through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a schedule instance for an eligible role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management."
```

author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the instance for an eligible role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. A `roleEligibilityInstance` is created by `roleEligibilitySchedule` and and represents an actual eligible role Assignment created through Privileged Identity Management. We support list and get operations on the roleEligibilityInstance for the purpose of viewing current and future assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the instance for an eligible role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. A `roleEligibilityInstance` is created by `roleEligibilitySchedule` and and represents an eligible role assignment created through Privileged Identity Management. You can use operations on the roleEligibilityInstance for the purpose of viewing current and future assignments.
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstances](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance-list.md)|[unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance-get.md)|[unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRoleEligibilityInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties granted to a particular user.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScopeId|String|Id of the app-specific scope. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object that represents the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleEligibilityScheduleInstance will expire|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleEligibilityScheduleInstance expires.|
```

|id|String|The unique identifier for the roleEligibilityScheduleInstance. Key, not nullable, Read-only.Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

> |memberType|String|Membership type of the assignment. It can either be `Inherited`, `Direct`, or `Group`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|memberType|String|Membership type of the assignment. Possible values: `Inherited`, `Direct`, or `Group`.|
```

> |principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted to. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |roleDefinitionId|String|ID of the unifiedRoleDefinition the assignment is for. Read only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinitionId|String|Id of the unifiedRoleDefinition for the assignment. Read only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md).|
```

> |roleEligibilityScheduleId|String|ID of the parent roleEligibilitySchedule for this instance|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleEligibilityScheduleId|String|Id of the parent roleEligibilitySchedule for this instance.|
```

> |startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleEligibilityScheduleInstance will start|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleEligibilityScheduleInstance starts|
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |appScope|[appScope](../resources/appscope.md)|Read-only property with details of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. Containment entity. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScope|[appScope](../resources/appscope.md)|Specifies the details of the app-specific scope. Containment entity. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md). Read-only.|
```

> |directoryScope|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|Property referencing the directory object that is the scope of the assignment. Provided so that callers can get the directory object using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScope|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|The directory object that is the scope of the assignment. Enables the retrieval of the directory object using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|Property referencing the principal that is getting an eligible role assignment through the request. Provided so that callers can get the principal using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|The principal that is getting an eligible role assignment through the request. Enables the retrieval of the principal using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md).|
```

> |roleDefinition|[unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md)|Property indicating the roleDefinition the assignment is for. Provided so that callers can get the role definition using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. roleDefinition.Id will be auto expanded. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinition|[unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md)|The roleDefinition for the assignment. Enables the retrieval of the role definition using `$expand` at the same time as getting the eligible role assignments. roleDefinition.Id will be auto expanded. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```
